>>Many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to uncover what really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>We need to give
people the information.
>>And now, the host of the
nationally-syndicated Coast
to Coast AM and Gaiam TV
bring you Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>>GEORGE NOORY: At one time
in our lives, all of us
will know someone
who has cancer.
We might even have
cancer ourselves.
On Beyond Belief, we're going
to explore this dreaded disease
and find out why it happens
and how we can possibly
help people fight it.
Our guest on Beyond Belief is
a well-known author, clinician,
and an expert in
cancer research.
Please welcome Dr.
Leonard Coldwell.
Leonard, how are you?
>>DR. LEONARD COLDWELL:
Good to see you.
>>NOORY: Good to see you, too.
>>COLDWELL: Thank you.
Thank you so much.
>>NOORY: You know,
I've talked to
and interviewed a lot
of people in my life
about cancer and cancer research
and cutting-edge technology
as it has to do with cancer.
No one is better than
doctor Leonard Coldwell.
It's good to have you here.
>>COLDWELL: Thank you so much.
It's great to be here.
>>NOORY: How did you begin to
first start studying cancer?
>>COLDWELL: It's very
important, George,
that your viewers understand
where I'm coming from,
that they understand
my reputation.
When I was 12 years
old, my mom was
diagnosed with hepatitis C,
liver cirrhosis, and liver
cancer in a terminal state
with six months to live.
All seven siblings
of my mom had cancer.
My grandmother, my grandfather
died of cancer on both sides.
My father died of cancer and
my stepfather died of cancer.
>>NOORY: Oh, God.
>>COLDWELL: I have more
knowledgeable about cancer
and the impact of cancer on
the loved ones and the cancer
patients than any other
living human being on Earth.
Let me start with
a good note first.
My mom, 42 years later, is still
alive today and 100% healthy.
>>NOORY: How about that?
>>COLDWELL: Thank you, George.
And this is something that
got me into all of this.
I don't want to turn this
into a religious issue,
but I made a deal with God
when I was 12 years old.
And said, God, if you
help me to cure my mom,
I'll spend the rest of my
life helping other mothers
or parents and
their children not
have to go through what my
mom and I had to go through.
>>NOORY: Nothing wrong with
making a deal with God.
>>COLDWELL: OK.
>>NOORY: Nothing wrong at all.
>>NOORY: What is
cancer, Leonard,
because I'm convinced we all
have cancer cells in our system
right now it's just
our immune system
is strong enough either to beat
it or not, but what is cancer?
>>COLDWELL: Absolutely, George.
We are all born with cancer.
Cancer is nothing else a
mutated atrophied cells,
half dead cells, the wrong
cells are multiplying instead
of the healthy cells.
And this happens actually
from the very first moment
when we are born.
We are all born with cancer.
Nobody is born without cancer.
We all have these mutated cells.
We all have these atrophied
cells, these half dead cells
that just needs to get renewed.
When our immune
system is normal,
meaning our energy
level is normal,
our immune system just takes
care of this on a daily basis.
Like if you cut yourself, the
immune system takes care of it.
You don't need to think
about it all day long,
please heal, please
heal, please heal.
So when we lack in energy,
George, and this is basically
where my entire
research came from,
that all illness is
based on lack of energy,
and the main clause
for lack of energy
is mental and emotional stress.
Living in constant worries,
living in constant fears, fears
about the economy, not
having a job in the future--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>COLDWELL: All
these kind of fears.
>>NOORY: And these are all
natural fears, by the way,
aren't they?
>>COLDWELL: Absolutely.
But they need to be in
proportion and not chronic.
See, lack of self
love can cause a lot
of stress, lack of
self-acceptance,
making a compromise.
The main cause of cancer, ladies
and gentlemen, in my opinion,
is a compromise
against yourself.
You hang into a
relationship that you
know is going to kill you
just because of the children,
or whatever it might be,
what the neighbors will say,
what the relatives
will say, this
is kind of like where the
main problem is coming from.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>COLDWELL: Or you go
to a job that kills you
in the whole meaning of the
word, and you keep on going,
keep on going.
>>NOORY: You hate
going in every day.
Right?
>>COLDWELL: That's why most
deadly heart attacks happen
Monday morning between 8
and 9 o'clock when people
get ready for a work week that
they'd rather literally die
before they go one more
time to that job, George.
>>NOORY: It's their body, it's
the way of saying good-bye.
>>COLDWELL: Shutting down.
Yeah.
It's really like self-sabotage,
and cancer very often
can be a self-sabotage response.
But to answer your question,
if your body is oxygen rich--
Otto Warburg and Max Planck,
both got a Nobel Prize
in medicine by proving cancer
cannot exist in an alkaline,
oxygen-rich environment.
It's absolutely impossible.
Since 1911, 1933, we know this.
If we would have just followed
that knowledge where people got
even awarded for getting this
knowledge out and proving
it scientifically, we
would have no cancer.
Every cancer in my experience
is curable in 2 to 16 weeks
guaranteed if you
are still responsive
physically and mentally and you
don't have medical treatment
up front.
>>NOORY: Is that
because that time period
the cells regenerate
during that time period?
>>COLDWELL: Absolutely.
With my mom who had liver
cancer in a terminal
state plus hepatitis
c and liver cirrhosis,
so the liver was completely
inflamed on top of it.
But the liver renews every
six weeks after I figured out
1 to 7 billion liver cells
renew each second, 1 to 7
billion liver cells
each second, we
have every six weeks
a brand new liver.
After I found this out, I
ask myself, why in the world
does my mom need to keep her
rotten, rotting-down, dying
liver?
She doesn't need to.
And this is basically
a six-weeks period,
lungs, kidneys.
Lungs need a little
bit longer, but kidneys
eight weeks, lungs
up to eight months.
But our skin, the soft tissue in
our skin renews every 72 hours.
Our skin renews
every four weeks.
So the basic body model
that you have today
is not the same
that you're going
to have the one from tomorrow.
And this is when we have these
opportunity in front of us,
when we understand we are
building and rebuilding
all the time, every
single second.
Bite yourself into your cheek.
How fast does it heal?
Like this.
So only if the energy
level is down enough
to prevent your immune system
for doing what it's supposed
to do, then cancer
or just any form
of malfunction in the
system can occur or grow.
Your cancerous cells cannot
multiply or excel in any way,
shape, or form if there
is oxygen in the system,
if you are alkalized, if your
body is on a pH scale of 7.36.
So you need to be
slightly alkaline.
7 is neutral.
>>NOORY: And that's critical
to do that at this time.
>>COLDWELL: That is
very, very critical
because you need to be alkaline.
That means also virus and
bacteria cannot strive or exist
in a non-acidic environment.
So when your body
is acidic, that's
when ever negativity strives.
Stress is the number one
cause, the number one
cause for acidity.
People don't understand
that modern research shows
that 86% of all illness,
of all doctor visits, 86%
is stress related.
The Stanford University
even concocted a study
and came out with a 95% number.
>>NOORY: Wow.
That's enormous.
>>COLDWELL: That's enormous.
It leaves only-- if
you go with my number,
86% of all illness and doctor
visits are stress related.
If you just go with this number,
it only leaves 14% for diet,
for toxemia from
the outside sources.
And people need to
understand how important it
is that you love yourself,
respect yourself,
that you know you are
somebody and there
is nothing that can stop you
if you don't stop yourself
because most people even in the
healing process, George, are
their main road block in
their life towards health.
Everybody can cure
him or herself.
I cannot cure you.
We have spoken about
it often enough,
but I can be your coach.
I can show you and teach
you how to cure yourself
in 2 to 16 weeks, no matter
what you really have,
and this is what even
HIV viruses can easily
destroyed with
hydrogen peroxide,
with oxygen, basically.
And we need to just wake up.
We need to go to more
information on the natural way.
We cannot rely on the
medical profession.
56% of all people in
our world have cancer
or will get cancer,
every second person.
>>NOORY: Well, that's
huge, and let me tell you,
some time ago, I was at the
City of Hope in Los Angeles,
and they are doing
cutting-edge cancer research.
And I talked to a
researcher, and I
said, what are you doing
right now to fight cancer?
And they said, well, we're
trying to isolate cells,
and we're trying to attack
them without killing
the normal cells around it.
And so I asked her about
chemotherapy, and I said,
what are your views on that?
And she said, well, right
now, that and radiation
seem to be our only
ways of battling cancer,
but-- and this is what
she said to me, Leonard.
She said, chemotherapy
is poison.
And she said, it
kills the good cells.
It tries to kill the bad cells.
And she said, I wish
I had an alternative.
I mentioned you,
and I said, well,
what about an alkaline body
as opposed to an acidic body?
What about all
these other things
you can do, taking turmeric, for
example, and things like that?
>>COLDWELL: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: And she said, I'm
going to look into that.
And these are well-bred,
well-knowledged,
hardworking people--
>>COLDWELL: Of course.
>>NOORY: --dedicated to trying
to find a cure for cancer,
but they don't
understand that there
are alternative things
out there to help people.
>>COLDWELL: First of all,
cancer is a holistic illness.
It basically, it is
a thorn in your soul.
It is not compartmentalized.
If I take your tumor out, you
will get a new tumor next week
because that was just a symptom.
The tumor is just a
symptom of the cancer.
It is not the cancer itself.
The cancer is in your soul.
The cancer is completely
somewhere else.
Yes, it can be from all
the poisons in the food--
>>NOORY: Of course.
>>COLDWELL:
--preservatives and so on.
Of course all of this,
in the air and whatever,
the chemtrails that's out there.
But at the basics of
a terminal illness,
as a basic of a chronic
disease, like cancer, there
is something in
you that does not
want to let you live anymore.
You do not literally want to
live in the environment you
exist in, and
chemotherapy, George,
is based on mustard gas.
Mustard gas was invented in
the First and Second World War
to kill soldiers
on the battlefield,
and it is forbidden in
the Geneva Convention--
>>NOORY: And they're putting
it into people with cancer?
>>COLDWELL: They're
putting it in.
The last 20 years as
far as I know nobody
died of cancer anymore.
They all died of
the side effects
of the medical treatment.
Chemotherapy kills
and causes cancer.
Radiation kills
How can you think you put
Agent Orange into your backyard
with flowers and grass
and bushes and trees
and there are a couple of weeds.
Now, you put Agent Orange on
there, you kill it all off
and you think, oh, wow.
Only the flowers will come back,
only the trees will come back,
and the nice bushes,
but the weeds will not?
What an absurd kind
of thinking is that?
And when we understand
this, ladies and gentlemen,
that it is our decision to
see ourselves as a unit,
we are one unit.
It is our soul, it's our
emotions, our mind, our spirit.
If you're constantly worried,
how can you be healthy?
See you cannot even get the flu
or a cold if you are upbeat,
and positive, and powerful.
You will never,
ever see somebody
get the flu or cold that
is upbeat and positive.
>>NOORY: You know,
I have not had
the flu since I can remember.
And I don't get vaccines
as you well know.
>>COLDWELL: Of course.
>>NOORY: I don't tell people
to get them or not to get them.
That's up to them, but I don't.
And I try to live the lifestyle
that you have presented to us,
and it seems to
be working for me.
>>COLDWELL: And it works
for everybody, George.
Just try it.
If you just try a regular
breathing program,
if you learn how
to breathe right,
you feel better like
this in seconds.
And then you think, wow,
that might be something.
The guy might be on something.
And this is what people
really need to understand,
George, that just start a little
bit, just learn a little bit,
try a little bit.
Try a couple of herbs.
Try a couple of teas.
Go on a raw food diet.
Do a fasting for
two, three days,
and you feel instantly results.
>>NOORY: And change
your attitude.
Let's take some questions from
you for Dr. Leonard Coldwell.
Who's got one?
I'm sure we've got many.
Yes, sir.
>>AUDIENCE: I switched over to
a no sugar, no wheat, no flour
diet a while ago and
had amazing results,
lost 20 pounds like
instantly, and my main concern
is skin cancer.
It's in my family.
And I've heard, I've read
some things about hemp oil
being beneficial to that.
Do you have any
thoughts on that?
>>COLDWELL: OK.
Thank you.
Great question.
First of all, skin cancer
is the easiest thing
to cure in my opinion.
Just go into the sun and the
sun will cure it, number one.
It just will fall off.
The hemp oil, if you put it on
usually for two, three days,
the mark falls off also.
Hemp oil is a really, really
good element for skin cancer.
Skin cancer is the
easiest thing to cure,
just deficiency of certain
kind of ultraviolet light,
of sunlight, actually.
So if you have a lot of
sunlight on your skin cancer,
just try it.
I mean, I cannot tell you
what to do, but I would do it.
That's what I would
do and everybody else
I ever had with skin
cancer of my patients,
I sent them in the sun, and
hemp oil really, really works
really, really well.
Hemp actually cures cancer in
general internally, externally.
It's really a great element.
It's like B17, laetrile.
I would really get
some apricot seeds.
You know, when you open up an
apricot, you have the kernel
and you open it up, there is an
almond looking-like seed in it?
>>NOORY: The laetrile.
>>COLDWELL: It's laetrile.
It's vitamin B17, and I
would eat 7 to 21 a day.
You have to up it
slowly, and I would
know I'm absolutely
fine in about 28 days.
>>NOORY: Leonard, if you,
God forbid, had cancer,
would you use traditional
medicine, radiation,
chemo with it, or would
you go just natural?
I know the late Steve
Jobs from Apple wrestled
with that about his prostate
cancer, and in his situation,
he went all natural for a while
and then he decided not to,
but it was too late.
What would you do?
>>COLDWELL: First of all, I
would never use any chemical.
I would never use surgery.
Surgery spreads the cancer
through your entire system.
Your immune system
is already down.
Now, you get anesthesia,
you get all the medication
and the pain medication.
They slice you open.
The body has to
close all of this.
That's why it
spreads like crazy.
All of a sudden after
surgery, all these people
have a fast-growing
cancer, very aggressive.
No.
The person didn't
have it before.
They gave it to him,
and that's the point.
So I would never,
ever even consider
to even go to a doctor.
That is completely absurd.
And the issue with
Steven Jobs is,
they are using it to
bad mouth natural means.
He already had
medical treatment long
before he even came
up with the idea
of trying something natural.
>>NOORY: By then
it was too late?
>>COLDWELL: Not
necessarily too late,
but if you mix
natural with medical,
you will always die, in
my experience, always.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>COLDWELL: It will
never, ever work.
One negates the other.
You cannot do a
little bit of this.
Oh, I'm so scared.
I try it all.
It's like you're praying
to Buddha, and to whatever.
You need to pray to all Gods.
>>NOORY: But you
can understand how
people are confused
in what they do,
because they're
getting bombarded
from the government telling
them, don't do this,
don't do that.
It's not an easy decision.
Let's take some more
questions for Dr. Coldwell.
Yes, ma'am.
>>AUDIENCE: I was wondering.
I understand sugar is used
to find tumors in the body.
How important is it with the
foods that we're eating today
to do some other method,
or is it just that we want
to be able to believe in
our own ability to heal?
>>NOORY: You are what
you eat, Leonard.
>>COLDWELL: The whole
meaning of the word.
The most important part
is if we understand
our new cells has to be
built from something.
If this something is
bad building material,
it's like you would build
a house with bad concrete,
you wouldn't expect it to
last for a thousand years.
So our cells, and if
you think about it,
every cell in our system
is renewed in 21 months.
I mean, every single one.
These cells have to be
built from something.
Sugar, first of all, if it's
all natural, just fruit sugar,
it doesn't matter at all.
That is just a huge hoax.
Aspartame is actually the
feces of E. coli bacteria,
so if you use artificial
sweetness, you will get cancer.
Just believe me.
You will.
It's only a matter of time.
It might take a little
bit longer with you,
and if you drink a lot of
water, it takes longer.
If you have a gallon
of water a day
with half a teaspoon
of pink salt in it,
you will live much, much
longer than anybody else
doing the exact same
thing that you are doing.
But we are what we eat,
and I would stay away
from refined sugar
in all circumstances.
There is a product
out there that you
can get in major stores
called Just Like Sugar,
and it's made from chicory root.
It's all organic,
and orange peel.
That has zero calories.
>>NOORY: It gives you that
sweetness without the sugar.
>>COLDWELL: Without the sugar.
And also people say
when you have cancer,
you shouldn't have syrup, maple
syrup, organic maple syrup,
organic honey.
In my opinion, that's completely
absurd, because you need,
every deficiency
furthers the malgrowth,
the malfunction of the system.
And when you have
enough, let's say
you have all vitamins, all
minerals that you need,
and trace minerals
that you need,
there is physically no way
for the body to fall apart.
Now, you might get
depression and anxiety
because you're mentally not
there where your body is,
but we are actually in the
whole meaning of the word.
That's why I'm always
suggesting juicing.
The most important investment,
in my opinion, is a juicer.
Buy a juicer for $49
and just start juicing.
You cannot get better, better
nutrition than juicing.
But of course, you need
a lot of volvic minerals
coming from volcanic ash.
Basically, everything
else is depleted,
because it's not in
the food anymore.
If it's not in the soil, the
plant cannot create minerals.
So the plant can only suck
out of through the root system
what's in the
ground in minerals,
so that's in the minerals.
There is nothing in
most plants any longer
in most of our foods.
George, if you look at
statistics from 100 years ago,
everything was in there because
everything was in the soil.
>>NOORY: Oh, sure.
You see, it's all
processed now, Leonard.
And we're going to come back in
just a moment on Beyond Belief.
More with Dr. Leonard Coldwell
as we talk about cancer.
And welcome back
to Beyond Belief
with Dr. Leonard Coldwell.
Leonard, I interviewed a
doctor from Italy, Dr. Tullio
Simoncini, who attacks
cancer with soda bicarbonate.
He literally injects it
right into the tumor.
What do you think of
a technique like that?
>>COLDWELL: It's absolutely
phenomenal, and it works.
His book Cancer is a Fungus
is something everybody
should really read,
and I have seen
the videos of the
open organs getting
flushed by baking soda,
sodium bicarbonate.
But please remember if
you use baking soda,
it needs to be food grade.
You cannot use the regular stuff
because it has aluminum in it.
But I have seen the organs.
See, the white thing
that we see always
connected to cancer tissue
is actually a fungus,
and a fungus can only
exist in an absolutely
acidic environment,
toxic, acidic environment.
>>NOORY: It thrives on that.
>>COLDWELL: It
thrives on it, and it
is believed that it keeps
the cancerous cells together.
Because on the videos that
he makes from his surgeries
where he flushes the organs
with sodium bicarbonate,
with a solution, it
disappears instantly.
So the white
disappears on contact,
and then you see the
tumor goes shrinking.
It is just such a phenomenal--
>>NOORY: It's amazing.
>>COLDWELL: But he has also
an unbelievable technique
to get the Trojan horse
into the cancer cell.
If a cancer cell gets
alkaline from the inside out,
it dies instantly.
So he came up with the idea
to use syrup, maple syrup,
organic, of course,
and he combines it
with the baking soda.
>>NOORY: To kind of
trick the cancer?
>>COLDWELL: To trick the cancer.
It gets caramelized so
that it's in the caramel.
You warm it up a little
bit, and you eat it.
And of course, cancer
lives off sugar-- everybody
knows that-- and it
sucks up the syrup
and there comes
the Trojan horse.
>>NOORY: Boom.
>>COLDWELL: The baking soda,
boom, there goes the cancer.
>>NOORY: Unbelievable.
>>COLDWELL: And on contact.
>>NOORY: Now, this is
a simple procedure.
>>COLDWELL: And cheap.
>>NOORY: Soda bicarbonate,
exactly, is very inexpensive.
Why aren't the mainstream
medical folks doing this?
Is it because big pharma
doesn't want to do this?
What's going on here?
>>COLDWELL: The cancer industry
is a $60 billion-a-year
industry, prevention
and early diagnostic,
$230 billion-a-year industry.
>>NOORY: And we still
have no cure from them?
>>COLDWELL: We had, in
1900, a 7% cancer rate.
Today, we have a
56% cancer rate.
And we are running for
the cure, and we're
having all these pink ribbons,
and we're wasting our money
and making all these
people rich that live off
the suffering of
cancer patients.
There is no such thing
than a medical cure
because they don't care.
The American Cancer Society
has in their statute,
they have to dissolve the
moment a cure for cancer
has been found.
There are 400 known natural
cancer cures out there,
and they cure cancer nearly
to 100% in all the cases.
In my experience, 400
known natural cancer cures,
and you get intravenous
vitamin C 100 cc two,
three times a day, 12 days.
Usually, the cancer tumors
are gone in 12 days.
Royal Rife cured the cancer
like this with his rife machine.
So he is--
>>NOORY: But look
what they did to him.
>>COLDWELL: And to
Gerson and everybody
else who cured cancer.
The second you cure cancer,
they come after you,
they destroy you, or
with a perfect heart,
you get a heart attack or
you drown in a 20-inch duck
pond or something like.
That really happens.
That's not a joke.
This really, really happens.
>>NOORY: Well, are you afraid?
Are you afraid for yourself?
>>COLDWELL: No.
I'm getting shot
at all the time.
My car has been bombed.
I mean, George, you know this.
You know me.
You see me with my
bodyguards and stuff
like that at the house, Freda
Maxwell's or wherever we speak.
Because, of course, I get
death threats on a daily basis,
because I can cure everybody
from cancer that is still
functional, and does
what I tell them
to do-- It has no
medical treatment--
I can cure everybody, to
help them cure into 16 weeks.
I guarantee that.
>>NOORY: Can it go too far?
Can someone have cancer that
is so widespread in the body
that there's nothing
anybody can do?
>>COLDWELL: Absolutely.
if you're not
functional anymore,
if it's infested the organs
to a certain extent--
>>NOORY: Then it's too late.
>>COLDWELL: --the brain
to a certain extent,
if there is physical damage
done by the cancerous growths
and accumulation of
the growths, it's
usually just a pressure that's
really causing the problem.
But on the other hand, I
have really seen colleagues
doing really miracle work and
getting people off a death bed.
There are so many opportunities
and possibilities out there,
and we just need to try.
If somebody says you have
three months to live,
what in the world do you have
to lose by trying anything?
>>NOORY: I'll do everything,
not just anything, everything.
>>COLDWELL: Exactly.
But I really want to answer
your question, George,
why we don't have a cure.
We don't have a cure because
it's all about money.
If you cure yourself
with laetrile,
it costs you about $21.
$21 will do the job.
Vitamin C, zinc, turmeric,
we all know these elements.
It is so simple and
easy oliander soup.
But most of all,
ladies and gentlemen,
this is still just
treatment of the symptoms.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>COLDWELL: If you don't
get rid of the root
cause and my instinct-based
medicine system
goes only to identify
the root cause
and eliminates the
root cause that
led to the malfunction
in the body.
You don't need to
touch the tumor.
It disappears anyway in a
very short amount of time.
The second you're
congruent with yourself,
you know you are somebody,
you know you love yourself,
you know you respect yourself.
You have self-confidence.
You're able to hug yourself.
You're able to look into
the mirror and you say,
I like what I see.
>>NOORY: We have
all heard stories
of people who have been to
their doctor, been x-rayed,
and they tell them you've
got a golf ball-sized tumor.
It's malignant.
There's nothing we
can really do for you.
The person comes back three
weeks later, three months later
after practicing some
natural alternative ways,
and the doctor says to him,
I can't find the tumor.
It's gone.
What the heck happened?
>>COLDWELL: He got divorced
or she got divorced.
What happens is, every physician
that is 20 years in office
or longer has seen cases
of spontaneous healing.
The medical profession, so
Dr. Simoncini and others,
Dr, Gary Null has a cure
rate of 2%, 2% to 3%,
medical profession.
I found out with a
lot of colleagues
27% of all cancer
patients get cured
with doing absolutely nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
>>NOORY: Just by living.
>>COLDWELL: Just by living.
Maybe they changed
something in their head,
just changed something
in their lifestyle
and behavioral patterns,
whatever it might be,
but they are cured.
So they kill
already the 25% with
the medical
professional treatment.
They kill the 25% that would
have recovered on their own.
>>NOORY: On their own.
>>COLDWELL: And I don't even
want to mention on TV my cancer
cure rate because
nobody would believe it,
but it is so far
superior of that,
and basically, the only cancer
patients I personally ever lost
were people that had
treatment before I took them
on and thought maybe
I can do something.
But I never lost a cancer
patient in my life.
I have seen 35,000
cancer patients.
>>NOORY: They'll die
of something else.
>>COLDWELL: They die
Yeah.
And if you really go
for the root cause,
it doesn't cost anything.
So the pharmaceutical
industry, and I'm originally
from Germany, so the
pharmaceutical industry,
they are all based in Germany,
so car bombing and things
like this was kind of
like my daily lifestyle.
So it is just really important
that people understand
there are so many
cures out there,
but you need to help
people like Dr. Burzynski
with the highest cure rate for
cancerous brain tumors, which
actually are caused mainly by
your fillings in the teeth,
the mercury fillings in the
teeth, the silver fillings.
It's quick silver.
It's mercury.
>>NOORY: Well,
that's a good point.
Well, Leonard,
when we come back,
let's talk about how
people can prevent cancer
from starting in
the first place.
Tell us all the things we need
to do, some of the supplements
we should take.
We'll be back in just a
moment on Beyond Belief.
And welcome back
to Beyond Belief
with Dr. Leonard Coldwell.
Leonard, let's prevent
cancer from starting
in the first place.
Give us a regiment
of what people should
do to at least build
up that immunity
and fight the possibility
of coming down with cancer.
>>COLDWELL: Absolutely.
First of all, cancer is
not genetic, otherwise,
I would have cancer.
Everybody in my
history has cancer.
I don't have cancer,
and I never get cancer.
It's the easiest way to
prevent you have clear goals.
You make a
goal-setting workshop,
and you set your goals
really, really far ahead.
That's number one.
What do you want to hear
people telling you about you
and your life on your
90th birthday party.
And imagine yourself being
fit and vital and healthy and
strong and looking back
on a life of fulfillment.
Because a life of
fulfillment, George,
will prevent you from any bad
thing happening to your health.
So we need to, most of all,
have the main cause or the end
cause of death is dehydration.
That means the second we die,
everybody dies of dehydration.
Ladies, dehydration is the
nearly only cause for wrinkles.
So it might help them to get to
the gallon of water with a half
a teaspoon of pink salt in it
a day, because the pink salt,
first of all, you cannot
have sea salt anymore
because of Fukushima.
It's all radioactive.
I wouldn't touch that.
So pink salt is
mined Himalayan salt
and you use half a teaspoon.
Still it's mined, so
it's completely clean.
On the other hand, it has
still all 76 trace minerals
in it that you really
need for a healthy body.
Buy a juicer.
Have a gallon of water a
day and use the sea salt,
but the main thing
is really that you
are congruent with yourself.
Stop making compromises
against yourself.
You need to love your life.
You need to get up in
the morning and you say,
I am somebody.
And when you can do that
and you look into the mirror
and you say, wow.
That is the attitude
that keeps you healthy.
Because remember every illness
is based on lack of energy.
There is no other
thing that makes
you sick than lack of energy.
And when you have self-esteem
and self-confidence,
find out all these
parts in your life
where you're not
congruent with yourself.
You do things you
don't want to do.
The person that calls
you every morning
3 o'clock in the morning
whining in your ear
and telling you
the horror stories
and never listen to what
you tell them to do,
get rid of them.
Get rid of the energy
drainers in your life.
Make a big list.
Write on top the ones that has
to go, and then make sure they
are going because there is not
one negative person in my life.
There is not one energy
drainer in my life.
So that's the most important
part from that angle.
On the other hand, you have
to have supplementation.
You have to have
volvic, meaning coming
from volcanic ash minerals.
It's the only way to
really get minerals.
You should have silica, which is
the original form of nutrition
of calcium.
It's basically Jurassic,
so that's really wonderful.
That really can help you to
stay alkalined, get alkalined.
You need to do a lot
of systemic cleanses.
Never do a single-organ cleanse.
It can kill you, because it
pulls all the toxins you might
be already at the problem
level with your toxicity.
Now, you might do a
single-organ cleanse,
and all the toxins are going
to be put into your system.
That might drop that
spills the barrel,
and you might get terribly sick.
So it's very, very important.
The other thing is, 86% of
all illness and doctor visits
are stress related.
Everybody has stress.
That's not the problem,
and that's good.
If you don't have stress
for 24 hours, we're dead.
So stress is a good thing, but
the negative stress has to go,
and it can go easily the way
you start evaluating the life
situation in your head.
Of course, my stress
reduction system, as you know,
is the most endorsed and
most sold of all times.
And of course, I'm
endorsing that,
but there's a lot of good
techniques out there.
>>NOORY: What about
turmeric, which I love.
>>COLDWELL: Tumeric
is just unbelievable.
First of all, it's
a good fighter
even if you have
the flu or cold,
and often Christian Wilde is
really, really big into that,
and people should look that up.
And it is very important.
It's an inflammation fighter,
and everything negative,
every permanent damage even from
rheumatoid arthritis and all
these elements are
based on inflammation,
and turmeric is an unbelievable
inflammation fighter,
and it's really, really
good for cancer patients.
>>NOORY: That is
amazing the things
you can do to help
your body fight cancer.
Here's another thing I
found though, Leonard.
A lot of people that we talk to,
some of my own family members,
one of which has stage
four brain cancer, never
listen to me for
the alternative.
Everything was
always conventional.
It was almost as if
it was voodoo to talk
about these unconventional ways.
How do you get through
to people like that?
>>COLDWELL: You don't.
Actually, you really don't.
I have a cousin that I grew up
with, saw me curing my mother,
saw me curing my sister from
cervical cancer and my mother
from liver cancer, saw me
curing all these people.
I get a phone call last year.
Herbie is dead, and I said,
did he get run over by a truck?
And they said, no.
He died of cancer.
Never called, never
asked anything.
So here is the thing.
You drive yourself
nuts by trying
to convince somebody
that doesn't want help.
They are so in the hands of the
manipulation of the mass media,
in the medical profession.
And you need to understand
doctors are all good people.
They have no other choice.
By law, they have to use
chemotherapy, radiation,
and surgery with a
cancer patient by law
or they go to jail, or they
lose their license, or both.
So you cannot.
You can only-- it's like
they say, don't try to teach
a pig to sing.
You annoy the pig and
you drive yourself nuts.
And this is really what it is.
You can never convince somebody.
Somebody is open.
See that's why I have these
free videos on to my TV site,
on the website where people
get 10-minute snippets of what
I have to say.
And sometimes it
helps if you have
somebody that doesn't
want to listen.
You know the prophet
in its own land.
They don't listen to you.
You're the daughter or
the wife or the husband.
They don't listen to you.
But if you put the laptop
on the table, it's all free.
Push on one of my videos, and
have them just listening to me
talk about cancer,
potential cancer cures,
and all these elements.
And all of a sudden,
over time, they think,
that might be something
and then you have them.
You know, the
second they open up,
then you can help them fill in.
You put them on a juicing
diet, and all of a sudden
after three days of
really bad diarrhea,
if you do the right thing,
with the juicing celery, apple,
carrot once each in the morning
and you're really toxic,
you will have spent a lot
of time in the restroom,
but you know it's working, and
you know how toxic you are.
>>NOORY: That won't
work if you're
doing a four-hour
live radio show.
Let me tell you.
>>COLDWELL: It's
not for you, George.
>>NOORY: Well, it's
something that I
think so many people need to do.
They need to take
care of themselves.
But you're right.
You can't get through to people
who don't want to listen.
>>COLDWELL: No, you can't,
because they shut off.
Professor Robert Rosenthal
conducted a study and said
whenever you believe something,
you can do something or believe
you can't.
It shuts off or turns
on the brain parts that
are responsible for it,
and you're always right.
So the second you believe
that doesn't work,
it shuts off all the
possibilities and information.
That's why so many
people say, oh, you
have never told me
that, and you keep
on telling them the same thing
for the last three years.
>>NOORY: Over and over again.
That's right.
>>COLDWELL: Because their
brain was just blocked.
So you need to find
an opening somewhere,
or the good thing is
also testimonials.
You have somebody that has
been cured from something,
and you let them
talk to these people.
That's what we do.
We have all the video
testimonials on my websites
so that people really
understand where I'm coming from
and that it works, and I'm
not the one that can heal you.
I have tens of thousands of
thank you emails and letters.
People are saying, I took your
book The Only Answer to Cancer
and cured myself by just
using these simple things
you mentioned in this book.
And this is what
is so phenomenal.
You know we got
284,000 emails-- I
was the first time on your
show-- 284,000 emails within
three hours.
They shut off all of
our systems, and I mean,
my websites were
dead for two weeks
because so many people were
flooding to the websites.
And this is the impact
you have, George,
where people need
to understand more.
It's not just I am under
fire, it's George also
and everybody involved.
We are the freedom
fighters out there.
We were all kooks back then.
Remember when we started,
we were the weird ones.
How can you cure anything or do
anything just with your mind?
How does this work?
And when we are out
there to educate people,
we do this also for your loved
ones so that you can say, OK.
Just listen to them talk for
half an hour or for an hour.
Just watch this TV show.
Just watch it.
Do me a favor.
And the second they
open up a little bit,
that changes everything.
>>NOORY: To me, one of the
most heartbreaking episodes
of all of this is when a little
child comes down with cancer.
>>COLDWELL: Yeah.
And it's 99% caused
by the vaccination.
>>NOORY: You think so?
>>COLDWELL: I know so.
>>NOORY: It's huge.
>>COLDWELL: First
of all, vaccination
is the only cause for autism,
and I can explain to you
scientifically really
fast how it works.
There is not one
autistic child out there
that has not been vaccinated.
Meaning, every child that's
autistic has been vaccinated.
>>NOORY: --has been vaccinated.
Yeah.
>>COLDWELL: So it can only
be caused by vaccination.
There's no other way.
Otherwise, you
would have children
that have not been
vaccinated with autism.
>>NOORY: But not every
child who's vaccinated
will be artistic, but
every autistic child
has been vaccinated.
>>COLDWELL: Absolutely.
But we are all
kind of like maybe
artistic to a certain extent.
We all have this brain
fog once in awhile.
Is this normal or not?
We don't really know--
>>NOORY: We don't know.
>>COLDWELL: --because
with every vaccination,
your IQ goes down two points.
>>NOORY: And I probably
had early vaccinations
when we were kids.
>>COLDWELL: They were
not all bad then.
>>NOORY: Our parents
didn't know much.
They weren't good, were they?
>>COLDWELL: No, they were
not good, but not as bad
as today where they
have live cancer viruses
in the vaccine,
microchips in the vaccine.
Through the syringe,
you get a microchip.
All American soldiers are
microchipped with the vaccines.
The Gulf War syndrome,
in my opinion,
was only caused by
the vaccines they
gave all of these poor soldiers
and not by anything else.
>>NOORY: Well, a lot
of people believe that.
Leonard, we're going to
take some more listener
responses and viewers also.
Lets talk.
Question for Dr. Coldwell?
Yes, sir.
>>AUDIENCE: I have
small children.
What would you recommend as
far as a vaccination schedule
of any kind or absolutely
no vaccinations?
>>NOORY: That's a tough
question, Leonard,
and also you've got
school systems that
will create a living, horrible
situation for you if you don't
get vaccinated for your kids.
What do you do?
>>COLDWELL: I would never,
ever vaccinate a child.
I would never, ever
get my child vaccinated
under no circumstances.
First of all, all
schools have waivers,
they just don't
tell you about it.
Just go to the internet,
waivers for vaccination.
Your kid can go to school.
They cannot keep
you out of school.
It's completely absurd.
It's a myth.
If you ask for it, they
say they don't have it.
If you tell them to give it to
you, they give you the waiver.
Just sign it and it's done.
First of all, it's
really, really absurd.
How can your child be
a danger for the others
if vaccination works and
they're all vaccinated?
How can your child
that's not vaccinated
be a danger to the others?
>>NOORY: But the
fear of a parent
is, I don't want
to make a mistake.
Right?
If this is my child's
life at stake,
what if some vaccines work and
I haven't given it to them?
So it's a quandary.
What do they do?
>>COLDWELL: They
absolutely don't work.
Vaccination is an assault
with a deadly weapon.
You have formaldehyde, you have
quick silver mercury in it.
You have dioxin in it.
You have all these
toxins in it including
live cancer viruses, so how
can you not damage your child?
It might not come up within the
next five, or six, seven, eight
years, but it will
come up one day.
And now they give them
up to 28 vaccinations
just in the early
stages of childhood,
and now they have all
these booster shots
and all these
combination vaccines.
And I can tell you,
there's so much
information out there, if
you really Google it and also
in my book How to Survive
Your Illness and Your Doctor,
have chapters in there
that explain to you
why you should never
vaccinate a child,
get vaccinated.
They vaccinate
pregnant women now.
20 years ago they said, under
no circumstances vaccinate them,
because they want a sick
child or the mother to abort.
The GARDASIL vaccine,
the vaccination
against the HPV virus,
which supposedly
causes cervical cancer.
First of all, cervical cancer,
a watery solution with sodium
bicarbonate, the woman does a
douche a couple of times a day.
Flush it later.
It doesn't stay in there,
and it's gone in three days.
So it is not even a problem.
The GARDASIL vaccine
has only been
created for population control
to make all these girls
infertile.
Tens of thousands of girls
dropped with the needle
still in them in
the doctor's office.
There is death.
There is neurological
damage proven.
That is not a
conspiracy, George.
The scientific facts are so
massive behind all of this,
and if you look at the
facts that's out there.
Just look at facts.
Don't let them tell
you what they think,
or what could or should be.
All of this doesn't matter,
that's why I'm always saying,
talk to people that produce
results, not scientists
in a laboratory
that say, oh, if you
do this, that should happen.
>>NOORY: Well, I'm waiting
for the next virus,
the next disease to come out
where they will then say,
we've got this
wonderful vaccine.
Everybody needs to get it.
>>COLDWELL: That's how they
kill off the elderly with a flu
vaccine, because they don't
want to pay Social Security.
So that's why they tell
the elderly get vaccinated.
And they die, in my opinion,
10, 15 years earlier
than they have to.
There is absolutely no way
if you look at the science.
See, George, medicine is a
religion, it's not a science.
It's always belief.
The doctor always says, I
believe it could be that.
I believe that could work.
It's a religion.
It's not science,
and people think
because they use science
for diagnostic lab tests
and they use science to find out
how your blood levels look like
and all these kind of
things, oh, that's science.
Yeah.
That's science, but everything
following the diagnostic test,
the physical diagnostic test
is just voodoo, nothing else.
It's just a shot in the dark.
I give you Cortisone and your
knee doesn't hurt anymore.
No.
Of course, not.
It's dead.
It turned into plastic.
It doesn't hurt.
But in three months, your
knee is completely rotten
and gone because it
did grind itself down.
So we need to look
at the facts, George,
that the medical profession is
the number one cause of death
in America, and there are
enough studies out there that
confirm that too.
And we need to stop believing
284,000 people a year at least
dying of interactions
with medicines that
are prescribed by their doctors.
The most deadly
infections that you
get, you get in your
hospitals, all these super bugs
all based on all these
absurd antibiotics.
If you have colloidal
silver, if you have zinc,
you don't really need
antibiotics in my experience.
There might be cases where
close to dying that's
a different story.
You need to knock it off,
but otherwise, 35% food grade
hydrogen peroxide,
I had a patient,
she got stung by something,
but we don't know what it is,
and the stinger was
still in the skin.
Like staph bacteria, it
started to really eating away
and just have a pouring
35% food grade hydrogen
peroxide in there, and
of course, every doctor
said she's going to die, and
they're going to rot away,
and after three
days, it closed up.
So they don't make money on it.
If you buy a bottle
of hydrogen peroxide--
>>NOORY: It's $1.
It's $1.50
>>COLDWELL: It's nothing.
>>NOORY: Gosh.
I wish you were a
little more passionate
about what you're
doing, Leonard.
We're going to come back in
just a moment on Beyond Belief.
More with Dr. Leonard Coldwell.
Don't go away.
We'll be right back.
And welcome back
with Beyond Belief.
I'm George Noory with Dr.
Leonard Coldwell author,
of course, the bestselling
book The Only Answer to Cancer.
When you first did this,
it sold like hotcakes.
What edition are you into now?
>>COLDWELL: We're in the 16th
edition now within 25 months.
We sold over 2 million books--
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>COLDWELL: --and
the original book
was called Mama Please
Don't Die, which is still
a mega bestseller
today in Europe.
And that is just, of course, an
updated version with my story
in it and explaining to
people how easy it is to do.
Basically, the first
edition of 250,000
sold out before it
was on the market.
We put it on the website,
and it was completely--
>>NOORY: Gone
>>COLDWELL: --sold
out in the first day.
>>NOORY: People want to
take care of themselves.
You know, as I tell my
three kids-- all grown,
they all have their own
little kids-- there's nothing
more important in
life than taking care
of your health and the
people you care about.
>>COLDWELL: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: I don't care about the
kind of income stream you have
or anything.
If you aren't taking
care of your health,
first and foremost,
what good is life?
>>COLDWELL: It is
the same, George,
as they tell you in the plane.
When the oxygen
mask come down, they
tell you put your own
oxygen mask on first
and then help your children
because what good are you
for you children laying on
the floor gasping for oxygen.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>COLDWELL: It doesn't help.
You cannot pull somebody out
of quicksand if you jump after
that person.
You have to create stable ground
underneath your feet first
and then you grab the person,
and then you pull them out.
So you have to take care-- to be
a good mother, father, sister,
brother, a spouse,
husband, wife.
You need to take care
of yourself first.
That is the most important part.
I take care of me for you
and you take care of yourself
for me.
That should be the sentence.
So everybody needs to
take care of themselves.
Stop the self-pity party.
Oh, I'm so sick.
No.
Just skip it.
You know?
Get off the sofa
and do something.
I am somebody.
I can do this, so I have this
problem, I'm going to fix it.
And my books, all 19 books
are help to self-help books,
and that is why they're
selling so much.
Because the people
want to have knowledge.
People don't want to be like
supervised or controlled
like by the government.
No, they want to have
education, but easy and simple
to understand.
>>NOORY: Of course.
>>COLDWELL: I learned from
my great friend Zig Ziglar,
you write on a
seventh-grade level.
If a seventh grader
can understand it,
even a professor can.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>COLDWELL: So it is
just really important
that I'm not writing books
to impress my colleagues.
Oh, I know a foreign word.
I know a really long,
really complicated word.
No.
I'm writing my books
for you and you and you,
for each and every
one of us, and most
of all that my mom
can understand it
who only had a sixth grade
educational level because she
was a refugee after
the Second World War,
while my grandfather was in
a Nazi concentration camp.
So she basically had only
a sixth grade education.
She needs to be able
to understand that.
And this is so important.
I'm not writing
books for myself,
and I'm not writing
them like I write books.
I'm writing them like I speak
to you, like I give my seminars.
I have seen four million seminar
attendees live in my seminars.
>>NOORY: Oh, I've
seen you in seminars.
People flock to you.
They want the information.
>>COLDWELL: Because they want
help to self help, George.
>>NOORY: Speaking of self help,
what have you brought us here?
>>COLDWELL: OK, George.
The most important
part is detoxification.
Physical detoxification,
there is two elements, one,
of course, is my
stress reduction set,
which your viewers get
a special discount on,
but on the other hand, you
need to physically detoxify.
You cannot build on swampy,
dirty, ugly bad ground,
a new body.
That means when I figured out
that a lot of cancer patients
got worse by doing
single-organ cleanses,
a huge problem occurred.
They dropped like flies.
So I'm thinking, wait a second.
What happens here?
So it took me 27 years to refine
with sciences, Dr. Crone who
is a leading expert in Europe
for homeopathic medicine
and natural medicine
and Dr. Hohn, who
is the expert in Germany, a
medical doctor but also an NMD.
And they helped me
to create something
that detoxifies the cells
individually, all cells
at the same time in
a very calming way
and also puts instantly
nutrition in so
that the cell is
instantly alkalined.
So all these other cleanses,
they empty you out.
Now you have an even a huger a
bigger nutritional deficiency.
That is where the main
problem is coming from.
That's why so many people
get sick doing a cleanse.
You shouldn't feel
sick doing a cleanse.
So you need to be prepared.
We have a five-day that
prepares you for the cleanse.
It gives you upfront nutrition.
It opens up your cells.
Do you know that
cellulite is not fat?
Cellulite are stored
toxins in your fat cells.
You can starve to death, you
will still have the cellulite,
because the body will not
let go of the toxins that's
stored in the fat cells.
That's cellulite.
Cellulite is not fat.
So it needs to go
directly into the system
and it needs to directly
detoxify the system
from the inside out and
everything at the same time.
It includes-- people say,
oh, it's a colon cleanse.
No.
It just includes a colon
cleanse because everything
that comes out of the cells has
to go out as fast as possible.
And we need to really
make sure, and this
is why it needs to be a system.
It's a 21-day system.
Every cleanse below 21
days is damaging you.
It will not hurt you.
It will never do anything
for you on long term.
It's not possible because every
human change takes 21 days.
If you're not 21 days
in detoxification mode,
you don't build
the dendrites, you
don't build the neurons to be
detoxified and stay that way.
>>NOORY: It takes that
kind of time for your body
to do what it's going to do.
>>COLDWELL: Yeah.
Absolutely.
And it even goes back to
Ivan Pavlov's experiment
with the dogs, 21
times ringing the bell
and it created a stimulus.
But it's really important--
>>NOORY: 21-gun salute.
>>COLDWELL: That's what it is.
But it is really, you cannot
just take the same pill all day
long.
No.
You're different in
the morning, so you
start with the morning
detoxification.
It's completely different
in the afternoon.
You have a specific afternoon,
you have a specific evening.
But when you stop
your cleansing,
and this is the
most important part,
now everything needs
to be restored.
Now we have a
five-day restoration
of your colon of all the
probiotics and everything.
But every single time
you get volvic minerals,
which means they
are bioavailable.
It doesn't matter if
you swallow a stone,
it comes out the same way
that you swallowed it.
>>NOORY: So what you're doing is
building up the immune system.
>>COLDWELL: Absolutely.
Because if you're not toxic,
your body physically cannot get
ill, and if you're alkaline
and that's what this cleanse is
made for, if you are alkaline,
you cannot develop cancer,
and cancer cannot exist or
grow or develop in an alkaline,
oxygen-rich environment.
It gives you oxygen because
it has chlorophyll in it.
It gives you the minerals
to build your new body,
and your new sells after
it took out the poisons.
>>NOORY: And the secret is to
get these new cells to come in
as quickly as possible.
>>COLDWELL: --and be
alkaline from the beginning.
>>NOORY: --from the beginning.
>>COLDWELL: That is why
it's so important you
eat a lot of eggs.
You have a lot of cholesterol.
The higher your cholesterol,
the healthier you are,
the longer you live.
>>NOORY: What?
What?
My doctor said lower
your cholesterol.
>>COLDWELL: Well, your
doctor is an idiot.
So basically, 87%
of all new cells
are built from cholesterol.
Your brain is nearly 100%,
it's 99% cholesterol.
You take Lipitor,
the statin drugs
to lower your cholesterol,
you'll shrink your brain first.
That's what causes dementia
and all these kinds
of things in my opinion.
So what you really
need to do is,
you have to have-- in a
burn unit, for example,
we gave burn victims 28
hard boiled eggs a day
because we know that that
cholesterol builds the fastest
healthiest cells.
So you will lower
your cholesterol,
the younger you die.
It's absolutely no doubt.
Your vision goes
down, everything
goes down because you
live from cholesterol.
LDL, HDL, it's not
even cholesterol.
It's transport mechanisms.
It's not cholesterol
what they tell you.
One transports the
good cholesterol in,
and one transports
bad cholesterol out.
That's all it is.
And we need to understand that
if it comes from the mainstream
media, I don't want to
name these people out.
There was a Dr. something
on TV, they are all crooks
in my opinion, being paid off
by the pharmaceutical industry,
otherwise, you wouldn't
be on mainstream media.
See, if you're not
going with them
and what their agenda
is, the new world order
agenda, the pharmaceutical
agenda, the medical agenda,
you're not on TV.
You're only on TV because
you do exactly what they
want you to do.
You're a sell out.
So don't watch these shows.
I'm sorry, George.
>>NOORY: What a passion, huh?
>>COLDWELL: I'm sorry.
>>NOORY: Have you always been
excited about stuff like this?
>>COLDWELL: Always.
Always.
Because see, my mom
had gallbladder stones
when I was six.
She had an emergency surgery,
and they gave her hepatitis C
blood because it
messed up the surgery.
So then she developed liver
cirrhosis and liver cancer
at the end.
And on the other hand, I
had some bad experience.
My physical father
was very abusive
and beat my sick
mother all the time.
>>NOORY: Ah, jeez.
>>COLDWELL: So I
was just looking
for solutions, how I could
get rid of the guy, you know?
I was in martial arts since the
age of six defending my mom.
But what you need to do,
you don't achieve anything
being in trance,
being catatonic.
You achieve things
because you are positive
and then everybody
wants to be around you.
See, there are people
that can brighten up
an entire room by leaving it.
So you don't want to
be a negative person.
You want to brighten up a
room by walking into it.
>>NOORY: Well, how
many times have we
been in a room and
some vampire comes in?
I call them energy vampires.
>>COLDWELL: Exactly.
>>NOORY: And we've
all seen that--
>>COLDWELL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --where they
just shut down the place.
Nobody wants to be around them.
Most of these people don't
even know they are doing this,
and it's sad.
Because I've had people
say to me, George,
why doesn't anybody
want to talk to me?
Why don't they like me?
And it's not that they
don't like them as people,
it's just that they have
huge negative energy.
>>COLDWELL: It is very often
a lot of self-pity involved.
Why did God do this to me?
Why did I have such
a bad childhood?
Why haven't I not born into
a billionaire's family,
and had the life of a
lifetime from the beginning?
It is very often just self-pity.
And they are so self-absorbed if
they just would look at people.
See, I give three days,
eight-hours-a-day seminars
and I never prepare because I
know what I'm talking about,
and I'm looking at the people
and what the people need right
now.
People say, what are
you going to talk about?
I don't know.
I need to see the people.
I need to feel
what you guys need.
>>NOORY: Well, and you
never run out of energy.
Let's hear it for
Dr. Leonard Coldwell.
Leonard, thank you so much.
>>COLDWELL: Thank you so much.
I appreciate that.
>>NOORY: You know,
since I was a little boy
and I heard so many
stories of cancer
and why it appears and
what happens to families,
I've been obsessed with trying
to get the answers to help you
fight this dreaded
affliction, this disease.
And people like Dr.
Leonard Coldwell
are there to help you
too, and let's just
hope that you'll take heed with
some of the things he said.
This is Beyond Belief.
Thank you for watching.